# Meeting Minutes -> Sprint-3 Meeting-2
**Meeting Number:** Sprint3_Meeting2  
**Date:** 2024-11-7 
**Time:** 16:30 - 18:30  
**Location:** In person (tutorial)  
**Facilitator:** Danial Kouba  
**Note Taker:** Oscar Mirontsuk  

### Attendees
- Oscar Mirontsuk
- Firas Al Haddad
- Danial Kouba
- Anthony Monaco
- Mark Antoun

### Agenda

1. Present demo to TA  
2. Receive feedback on the project  
3. Discuss ideas for the original extra feature  

### Discussion Summary

1. **Present Demo to TA**

   - **Discussion:** Presented the current state of the Peer Assessment Application to the TA.
   - **Decision/Action:** Successfully demonstrated the application's functionalities.
   - **Responsible Party:** All team members  

2. **Receive Feedback on Project**

   - **Discussion:** TA provided feedback emphasizing the need for an original idea to distinguish our project.
   - **Decision/Action:** Agreed to incorporate a unique feature to enhance the application's value.
   - **Responsible Party:** All team members  

3. **Discuss Ideas for the Original Extra Feature**

   - **Discussion:** Brainstormed potential unique features such as AI-based feedback analysis, peer assessment gamification, email sign in confirmation.
   - **Decision/Action:** Decided to research the feasibility of these ideas and select the most suitable one.
   - **Responsible Party:** All team members  

### Decisions Made

- Recognized the necessity of adding an original feature based on TA's feedback.
- Initiated brainstorming for potential unique features to implement.

### Next Meeting

- **Date:** 2024-11-14 
- **Time:** 16:30 - 18:00  
- **Location:** In person (tutorial)  
- **Agenda:** Finalize the original extra feature, assign tasks for its development, discuss sprint 4.

### Additional Notes

- Each team member to research and propose a detailed plan for one potential unique feature before the next meeting.

---